README.md, before:

# CreateDeco

Create Deco adds several new types of decorative blocks that take advantage of Create's palette and production opportunities: including colorful brick variants, sheet metals, fancier metal bars, and more.


== Create Deco Bricks ==

Bricks: tired of being forced to pick whether gray stone or red clay bricks will determine your house's color? Now, with just a bit of dye, you can turn those dreary clay bricks into several cool shades - classic Red is still an option, but now Light Blue, Yellow, Light Gray, and Black have arrived, in the form of Blue, Dean, Pearl, and Dusk bricks! Plus, throw a vanilla clay brick item into a blast furnace or lava particles from Create's Fan to get a Worn Brick with an aged and sun-washed look.


Brick Styles: All of the delightful colors listed support a full array of alternate styles: short, long, and even square tiles. Plus, all of these can be bulk washed with the power of Create's Fan to grow moss, or blasted with a lava particle stream to turn cracked. Even more incredibly, all of these options can be turned into stairs, walls, slabs, and vertical slabs using a Saw, Stonecutter, or Crafting Bench. That's a big pile of Bricks!


== Create Deco Metals ==

Sheet Metals: With the power of Stonecutting, turn Andesite Alloy or a block of Zinc, Copper, Brass, Iron, Gold, and even Netherite into sheet metal blocks. These can also be made into stairs, and slabs of both horizontal and vertical persuasion. A budget-friendly way of getting that stylish metal roof that every factory needs.


Fancier Bars: Vanilla iron bars have had their day. Now you can make metal bars out of any of the many metallic materials mentioned above - and they all come with a "panel" variant too, for a total of 14 new bar styles!
Metal Doors: Take a few ingots of Andesite Alloy, Zinc, Copper, or Brass and craft yourself a door to rival any of the fancy wooden ones your neighbors might have. They're blast resistant and fireproof, and they can be opened as easily as a wooden door. Don't like that? Slap a Redstone Torch onto it in your crafting grid and now the door has no handle. It will only obey redstone now, the same as an Iron door.


== Create Deco Props ==

Coins: Need a currency for your server? Try the six metal Coin types offered here! By default they have no crafting recipe, so they can't be mass produced by crafty anarchists trying to bring your server down with inflation. Their convenient disk shape makes them easily recognizable, and they can be crafted into Stacks of 4 if your wallet is cramped. Need even more wealth storage, Scrooge? Try the ground - placing a Coin Stack will start a pile that can stack up to eight Coin Stacks in one block, like snow but made of gold. If you've ever wanted to pave a smooth ramp from your money-counting desk to your vault door, these should do nicely. There's no default conversion recipes between the metal types, either, so whether you use them for denominations, separate factions, or something novel is up to you!


Decals: Coming in 16 lovely colors, these visual warning signs can be made by crafting some dye onto an Iron Sheet. Each color corresponds to a different symbol, letting you give ample warning to factory employees before they forget to sneak on a catwalk, stand too close to the Crushing Wheels, or don't bring their Diving Helmet to the vat of molten chocolate.


== Miscellaneous ==

Ah yes, we've also added Sheets for Zinc and Netherite, and a Netherite Nugget, to bring these two metals into feature parity with the other four.

== Changelog ==

1.1.0-1.16.5 | ??????????:  
 \+ added andesite and brass mesh fence!  
 \* adjusted changelog to put recent on top  
 \* netherite items won't burn in lava now  
 \* netherite and zinc sheets should be tagged now  
 
1.0.2-1.16.5 | 9 AUG 2021:  
 \* coinstacks should be craftable back into coins
 
1.0.1-1.16.5 | 6 AUG 2021:  
 \+ added recipe for Coins (press a nugget)  
 \+ added config setting to en/disable Coin pressing recipe  
 \+ made Coinstack blocks fragile (require support underneath)  
 \* Pick Block now works on Coinstacks to return the item  
 \* Netherite nugget <-> ingot recipe shouldn't appear twice  
 \* colorful brick item recipes should appear  
 \* coinstacks should be placeable on coinstack blocks for true Scrooge immersion  
 \* coinstack blocks should drop as many coins as went into the stack  
 \* vanilla iron bars should be craftable

1.0.0-1.16.5 | 2 AUG 2021:  
 \+ initial release.

Commit message:

all metals have mesh fence now

README.md, after:

# CreateDeco

Create Deco adds several new types of decorative blocks that take advantage of Create's palette and production opportunities: including colorful brick variants, sheet metals, fancier metal bars, and more.


== Create Deco Bricks ==

Bricks: tired of being forced to pick whether gray stone or red clay bricks will determine your house's color? Now, with just a bit of dye, you can turn those dreary clay bricks into several cool shades - classic Red is still an option, but now Light Blue, Yellow, Light Gray, and Black have arrived, in the form of Blue, Dean, Pearl, and Dusk bricks! Plus, throw a vanilla clay brick item into a blast furnace or lava particles from Create's Fan to get a Worn Brick with an aged and sun-washed look.


Brick Styles: All of the delightful colors listed support a full array of alternate styles: short, long, and even square tiles. Plus, all of these can be bulk washed with the power of Create's Fan to grow moss, or blasted with a lava particle stream to turn cracked. Even more incredibly, all of these options can be turned into stairs, walls, slabs, and vertical slabs using a Saw, Stonecutter, or Crafting Bench. That's a big pile of Bricks!


== Create Deco Metals ==

Sheet Metals: With the power of Stonecutting, turn Andesite Alloy or a block of Zinc, Copper, Brass, Iron, Gold, and even Netherite into sheet metal blocks. These can also be made into stairs, and slabs of both horizontal and vertical persuasion. A budget-friendly way of getting that stylish metal roof that every factory needs.


Fancier Bars: Vanilla iron bars have had their day. Now you can make metal bars out of any of the many metallic materials mentioned above - and they all come with a "panel" variant too, for a total of 14 new bar styles!
Metal Doors: Take a few ingots of Andesite Alloy, Zinc, Copper, or Brass and craft yourself a door to rival any of the fancy wooden ones your neighbors might have. They're blast resistant and fireproof, and they can be opened as easily as a wooden door. Don't like that? Slap a Redstone Torch onto it in your crafting grid and now the door has no handle. It will only obey redstone now, the same as an Iron door.


== Create Deco Props ==

Coins: Need a currency for your server? Try the six metal Coin types offered here! By default they have no crafting recipe, so they can't be mass produced by crafty anarchists trying to bring your server down with inflation. Their convenient disk shape makes them easily recognizable, and they can be crafted into Stacks of 4 if your wallet is cramped. Need even more wealth storage, Scrooge? Try the ground - placing a Coin Stack will start a pile that can stack up to eight Coin Stacks in one block, like snow but made of gold. If you've ever wanted to pave a smooth ramp from your money-counting desk to your vault door, these should do nicely. There's no default conversion recipes between the metal types, either, so whether you use them for denominations, separate factions, or something novel is up to you!


Decals: Coming in 16 lovely colors, these visual warning signs can be made by crafting some dye onto an Iron Sheet. Each color corresponds to a different symbol, letting you give ample warning to factory employees before they forget to sneak on a catwalk, stand too close to the Crushing Wheels, or don't bring their Diving Helmet to the vat of molten chocolate.


== Miscellaneous ==

Ah yes, we've also added Sheets for Zinc and Netherite, and a Netherite Nugget, to bring these two metals into feature parity with the other four.

== Changelog ==

1.1.0-1.16.5 | ??????????:  
 \+ added mesh fencing for the seven metal types
 \* adjusted changelog to put recent on top  
 \* netherite items won't burn in lava now  
 \* netherite and zinc sheets should be tagged now  
 
1.0.2-1.16.5 | 9 AUG 2021:  
 \* coinstacks should be craftable back into coins
 
1.0.1-1.16.5 | 6 AUG 2021:  
 \+ added recipe for Coins (press a nugget)  
 \+ added config setting to en/disable Coin pressing recipe  
 \+ made Coinstack blocks fragile (require support underneath)  
 \* Pick Block now works on Coinstacks to return the item  
 \* Netherite nugget <-> ingot recipe shouldn't appear twice  
 \* colorful brick item recipes should appear  
 \* coinstacks should be placeable on coinstack blocks for true Scrooge immersion  
 \* coinstack blocks should drop as many coins as went into the stack  
 \* vanilla iron bars should be craftable

1.0.0-1.16.5 | 2 AUG 2021:  
 \+ initial release.
